[DX-1316]: Auth0 cli auth flow (#26)
immutable/imx-examples: docs/onboarding.md

npm install
```

## 0. Link wallet to organization

Attaches wallet to an organization. This is to later view and manage your projects from the developer dashboard.

> Run the following script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following script:
```

_Requires environment variables to be set._

- _`AUTH0_TENANT_URL`_
- _`AUTH0_CLIENT_ID`_
- _`AUTH0_AUDIENCE`_

```sh
npm run onboarding:link-wallet-to-organisation
```

> This will open up a browser window where you can authorize your device and gain an access token. This will be used along side an IMX signature to authorize against the IMX Developer Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will open up a browser window where you can authorize your device and gain an access token. This will be used alongside an IMX signature to authorize against the IMX Developer Dashboard.
```
